README.md, before:

![.NET Core](https://github.com/trakx/fireblocks-api-client/workflows/.NET%20Core/badge.svg)
[![Codacy Badge](https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/6fe2cb28a3394099931eabf90d8245c0)](https://www.codacy.com/gh/trakx/fireblocks-api-client/dashboard?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=trakx/fireblocks-api-client&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)
[![Codacy Badge](https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Coverage/6fe2cb28a3394099931eabf90d8245c0)](https://www.codacy.com/gh/trakx/fireblocks-api-client/dashboard?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=trakx/fireblocks-api-client&utm_campaign=Badge_Coverage)

# fireblocks-api-client
C# implementation of a Fireblocks api client

## How to regenerate C# API clients

* If you work with external API, you probably need to update OpenAPI definition added to the project. It's usually openApi3.yaml file.
* Do right click on the project and select Edit Project File. In the file change value of `GenerateApiClient` property to true.
* Rebuild the project. `NSwag` target will be executed as post action.
* The last thing to be done is to run integration test `OpenApiGeneratedCodeModifier` that will rewrite auto generated C# classes to use C# 9 features like records and init keyword.

## AWS Parameters
In order to be able to run some integration tests, you should ensure that you have access to the AWS parameters starting in `/CiCd`. In order for the applications in this solution to run correctly on AWS, please ensure that variables starting in `/[environment]` are defined for all 3 environments \( _Production_, _Staging_, _Development_ \) :
```awsParams
/[environment]/Trakx/Fireblocks/ApiClient/FireblocksApiConfiguration/ApiPrivateKey
/[environment]/Trakx/Fireblocks/ApiClient/FireblocksApiConfiguration/ApiPubKey
```

Commit message:

Upgrade to NET8 (#259)
* Upgraded Packages and updated client config

* fix nswag and csproj

* Fix compilation error

* fix codacy

* codacy

* Fix issues with api client

* Fix unit tests

* bump Common to 1.0.2

---------

Co-authored-by: TiagoFroisPereira <tfroisip@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

![.NET Core](https://github.com/trakx/fireblocks-api-client/workflows/.NET%20Core/badge.svg)
[![Codacy Badge](https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/6fe2cb28a3394099931eabf90d8245c0)](https://www.codacy.com/gh/trakx/fireblocks-api-client/dashboard?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=trakx/fireblocks-api-client&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)
[![Codacy Badge](https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Coverage/6fe2cb28a3394099931eabf90d8245c0)](https://www.codacy.com/gh/trakx/fireblocks-api-client/dashboard?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=trakx/fireblocks-api-client&utm_campaign=Badge_Coverage)

# fireblocks-api-client
C# implementation of a Fireblocks api client

## How to regenerate C# API clients

* If you work with external API, you probably need to update OpenAPI definition added to the project. It's usually openApi3.yaml file.
* Do right click on the project and select Edit Project File. In the file change value of `GenerateApiClient` property to true.
* Rebuild the project. `NSwag` target will be executed as post action.
* The last thing to be done is to run integration test `OpenApiGeneratedCodeModifier` that will rewrite auto generated C# classes to use C# 9 features like records and init keyword.

## AWS Parameters
In order to be able to run some integration tests, you should ensure that you have access to the AWS parameters starting in `/CiCd`. In order for the applications in this solution to run correctly on AWS, please ensure that variables starting in `/[environment]` are defined for all 3 environments \( _Production_, _Staging_, _Development_ \) :
```awsParams
# REPOSITORY SECRETS
/[environment]/Trakx/Fireblocks/ApiClient/FireblocksApiConfiguration/ApiPrivateKey
/[environment]/Trakx/Fireblocks/ApiClient/FireblocksApiConfiguration/ApiPubKey
/[environment]/Trakx/Fireblocks/ApiClient/FireblocksApiConfiguration/BaseUrl

# GLOBAL SECRETS
# Instead of creating a specific repository secret, can use the global one with the same [Key]
/[environment]/Global/FireblocksApiConfiguration/BaseUrl
```
